# C2 The Temple of Kor

Our odd group of travellers leave with the caravan, containing some valuable and interesting items, towards the temple of Kor. Their journey is not uneventful however when they come face to face with not one but two basilisks. The creatures proves to be difficult adversaries as they manage to petrify several of the creatures travelling with the caravan: several camels, Thorian, Cor, Shaya and the guards. One guard even loses his life and Thorian might have died due to a poorly aimed arrow by Luna. Battles can be chaotic and unpredictable. 

They hurry towards the temple, hoping that the merchant's promise that the priests will be able to cure the petrified companions is truthful, and meet with the priests. They may have forgotten about the petrified guards, but is that really what is important? Alnasser Catri, the great-priest, explains a bit more about their deity Kor whilst the ritual to de-petrify their friends is in progress. During their stay there, everyone has some time to themselves to learn, inquire or repair some items. They also learn that many of the group's interests lie at the ruins of Bryyo, causing them to pinpoint that as their next destination, and that a wizard by the name of Rundas might be able to help them when they arrive.

As they leave the temple, their travel is quickly interrupted by some odd-looking rats, who vanish when approached beneath the warm sands. Whilst Cor tries to bait them out, Sirona and Thorian return to the temple to ask the priests what they might know. After a threatening display by Thorian, it is revealed that one of the priests had gone missing and that he was rambling about strange rats before he vanished. Following some tracks and leads, as well as a fight with two magical carpets, they discover a mangled dead body in a closet. Talk about skeletons in the closet. Half its face and brains are missing but it appears to be the priest that disappeared. 

After a gruesome dissection, they learn this might have been the work of a mindflare, a dangerous creature that can control others with its powerful mind and has a lot of resistance against magic. While the priests move to inform the Khalif of what has happened, the group continues to make their way to meet up with the wizard at the ruins. But as their luck would have it, this trip might not be as easy as they might have hoped. 
